greetings to all of you at the YouTube
my name is paid and today I have an
important announcement video for you
guys concerning battle for charity 3 the
event that is going to take place
tomorrow from sep tember to over the
weekend and stuff and i will be
streaming there and you guys will of
course be there and donate mad money for
charity so anyways indeed it's gonna
start tomorrow on Friday September the
second it's gonna start at ten a.m.
eastern standard time so it's like a vm
t minus five I think yes and I'm gonna
start the stream exactly at 10am so
definitely be there i will upload i will
upload my are streaming video when i go
there so that you guys will know when
i'm streaming exactly but you know 10am
so be prepared and you know when i'm
there the upload the streaming video
will go up and you know then we're gonna
have fun have some battles and yeah i
will also be streaming on saturday from
seven am-11 a.m. and then also on sunday
from 7am to 10 a.m. these are my
schedules on the stream so keep them in
mind I the most likely also post them in
the description of this video so you can
be sure to remember them and be there
there kind of early for some people but
then again you know there are people
living in the other side of the world
like me for example so i thought it i
was talking to josh and i was like you
know since i live in the other side of
the world I'm again you know I could do
these morning shifts cuz they're kind of
semi late for me already so that's what
happened and those are the times when
I'm going to be streaming so you should
definitely definitely be there it's
gonna be a lot of one lot of fun I will
be there too no you will not be there
cute
him oh um okay well that that was on
court anyways I shall digress and you
guys shall be there starting tomorrow
over the weekend we're gonna have a lot
of fun be there donate I think this
year's charity will go to child's play
go check out the website also in the
description we also have a Twitter and
Facebook page which you can also check
for more information so i will stop
rambling now and you guys will read the
description if you have any more
questions and go check out the battle
for charity youth charity youtube
channel for more information if you feel
like it so i have rambled enough and
thank you for watching and i will upload
a battle soon in about an hour or two so
thank you by peers out by